WERE GRILLING HIM, ASKING HIM IF HE WAS GOING TO ENJOY GOING TO
HE WAS GOING TO ENJOY GOING TO JAIL, CONSIDERING THE PRESIDENT
JAIL, CONSIDERING THE PRESIDENT LIES EVERY DAY.
LIES EVERY DAY. I WANT TO GET TO THE PARDON
I WANT TO GET TO THE PARDON QUESTION.
QUESTION. THERE’S A WHOLE ISSUE ABOUT
THERE’S A WHOLE ISSUE ABOUT THAT.
THAT. >> WILLIE, TAKE IT AWAY.
>> WILLIE, TAKE IT AWAY. >> KIRSTJEN NIELSEN APPEARED
>> KIRSTJEN NIELSEN APPEARED BEFORE THE HOMELAND SECURITY
BEFORE THE HOMELAND SECURITY COMMITTEE AND MEMBERS OF
COMMITTEE AND MEMBERS OF CONGRESS DID NOT HOLD BACK WHEN
CONGRESS DID NOT HOLD BACK WHEN IT COMES TO DONALD TRUMP AND HIS
IT COMES TO DONALD TRUMP AND HIS ADMINISTRATION’S POLICIES,
ADMINISTRATION’S POLICIES, INCLUDING THE USE OF CAGES TO
INCLUDING THE USE OF CAGES TO HOLD DETAINED MIGRANT CHILDREN.
HOLD DETAINED MIGRANT CHILDREN. >> ARE WE STILL USING CAGES FOR
>> ARE WE STILL USING CAGES FOR CHILDREN?
CHILDREN? >> SIR, WE DON’T USE CAGES FOR
>> SIR, WE DON’T USE CAGES FOR CHILDREN.
CHILDREN. IN THE BORDER FACILITIES THAT
IN THE BORDER FACILITIES THAT YOU’VE BEEN TO, THEY WERE NOT
YOU’VE BEEN TO, THEY WERE NOT MADE TO DETAIN CHILDREN.
MADE TO DETAIN CHILDREN. AS THE CHILDREN ARE PROCESSED
AS THE CHILDREN ARE PROCESSED THROUGH, THEY ARE IN SOME PARTS
THROUGH, THEY ARE IN SOME PARTS OF THOSE FACILITIES.
OF THOSE FACILITIES. >> MADAM, MADAM SECRETARY --
>> MADAM, MADAM SECRETARY -- >> I’M BEING AS CLEAR AS I CAN,
>> I’M BEING AS CLEAR AS I CAN, SIR.
SIR. >> JUST YES OR NO, ARE WE STILL
>> JUST YES OR NO, ARE WE STILL PUTTING CHILDREN IN CAGES?
PUTTING CHILDREN IN CAGES? >> TO MY KNOWLEDGE, THEY NEVER
>> TO MY KNOWLEDGE, THEY NEVER PURPOSELY PUT A CHILD IN A CAGE.
PURPOSELY PUT A CHILD IN A CAGE. >> PURPOSEFULLY OR WHATEVER, ARE
>> PURPOSEFULLY OR WHATEVER, ARE WE PUTTING CHILDREN IN CAGES AS
WE PUTTING CHILDREN IN CAGES AS OF TODAY?
OF TODAY? >> CHILDREN ARE PROCESSED AT THE
>> CHILDREN ARE PROCESSED AT THE BORDER FACILITY STATIONS THAT
BORDER FACILITY STATIONS THAT YOU’VE BEEN AT.
YOU’VE BEEN AT. >> AND I’VE SEEN THE CAGES.
>> AND I’VE SEEN THE CAGES. I JUST WANT YOU TO ADMIT THAT
I JUST WANT YOU TO ADMIT THAT THE CAGES EXIST.
THE CAGES EXIST. >> SIR, THEY’RE NOT CAGES.
>> SIR, THEY’RE NOT CAGES. >> WHAT ARE THEY?
>> WHAT ARE THEY? >> AREAS OF THE BORDER FACILITY
>> AREAS OF THE BORDER FACILITY THAT ARE CARVED OUT FOR THE
THAT ARE CARVED OUT FOR THE SAFETY AND PROTECTION OF THOSE
SAFETY AND PROTECTION OF THOSE WHO REMAIN THERE WHILE THEY’RE
WHO REMAIN THERE WHILE THEY’RE BEING PROCESSED.
BEING PROCESSED. >> SO WHAT DID YOU DO?
>> SO WHAT DID YOU DO? I UNDERSTAND IT’S COMPLICATED,
I UNDERSTAND IT’S COMPLICATED, WE HAVE A BIG BUREAUCRATIC
WE HAVE A BIG BUREAUCRATIC SYSTEM, WHEN YOU SAW THOSE
SYSTEM, WHEN YOU SAW THOSE PICTURES OF BABIES IN CAGES,
PICTURES OF BABIES IN CAGES, WHAT DID YOU DO?
WHAT DID YOU DO? WHAT DID YOU DO?
WHAT DID YOU DO? DID
DID TO SCREAM BLOODY MURDER UP THE
TO SCREAM BLOODY MURDER UP THE CHAIN TO THE PRESIDENT, TO SAY I
CHAIN TO THE PRESIDENT, TO SAY I CANNOT REPRESENT AN AGENCY THAT
CANNOT REPRESENT AN AGENCY THAT IS FORCING ITS BORDER PATROL TO
IS FORCING ITS BORDER PATROL TO DO THIS?
DO THIS? WHAT DID YOU DO?
WHAT DID YOU DO? >> I WENT TO THE BORDER, I SPOKE
>> I WENT TO THE BORDER, I SPOKE TO THE MEN AND WOMEN THERE, I
TO THE MEN AND WOMEN THERE, I LOOKED AT THE FACILITIES MYSELF,
LOOKED AT THE FACILITIES MYSELF, I TALKED TO HHS AND VISITED
I TALKED TO HHS AND VISITED THEIR AND
THEIR AND THEN I WORKED WITH THE NORTHERN
THEN I WORKED WITH THE NORTHERN TRIANGLE IN MEXICO TO STOP THE
TRIANGLE IN MEXICO TO STOP THE PHENOMENON TO STABILIZE THOSE
PHENOMENON TO STABILIZE THOSE AREAS SO THE CHILDREN AND
AREAS SO THE CHILDREN AND FAMILIES ARE NOT TRAVELING HERE.
FAMILIES ARE NOT TRAVELING HERE. >> WHEN YOU OFFICIALLY BEGAN
>> WHEN YOU OFFICIALLY BEGAN FAMILY SEPARATION IN SPRING
FAMILY SEPARATION IN SPRING 2018, WERE YOU AWARE OF RESEARCH
2018, WERE YOU AWARE OF RESEARCH SHOWING IT CAUSES TRAUMA THAT
SHOWING IT CAUSES TRAUMA THAT CAN DO IMMEDIATE AND LONG-TRMERM
CAN DO IMMEDIATE AND LONG-TRMERM DAMAGE TO CHILDREN’S HEALTH.
DAMAGE TO CHILDREN’S HEALTH. >> THE INFORMATION I WAS AWARE
>> THE INFORMATION I WAS AWARE OF WAS THAT THE TRAUMA WAS FOR
OF WAS THAT THE TRAUMA WAS FOR PART OF THE JOURNEY?
PART OF THE JOURNEY? >> ARE YOU AWARE THE TRAUMATIC
>> ARE YOU AWARE THE TRAUMATIC EFFECTS DOESN’T GO AWAY, EVEN IF
EFFECTS DOESN’T GO AWAY, EVEN IF CHILD IS REUNITED WITH THEIR
CHILD IS REUNITED WITH THEIR FAMILY.
FAMILY. >> NO.
>> NO. >> WERE AWARE OF RESEARCH PRIOR
>> WERE AWARE OF RESEARCH PRIOR TO INSTITUTING THE POLICY OF
TO INSTITUTING THE POLICY OF FAMILY SEPARATION?
FAMILY SEPARATION? >> THERE IS NO POLICY OF FAMILY
>> THERE IS NO POLICY OF FAMILY SEPARATION.
SEPARATION. >> WILL THERE’STHERE’S A LOT TO
>> WILL THERE’STHERE’S A LOT TO THROUGH.
THROUGH. IT WASSES POLICE ITALY SAID THE
IT WASSES POLICE ITALY SAID THE ZERO TOLERANCE WAS A DETERRENT.
ZERO TOLERANCE WAS A DETERRENT. SECRETARY NIELSEN HAS A PROBLEM,
SECRETARY NIELSEN HAS A PROBLEM, THOUGH, WHEN SHE SAYS THERE WERE
THOUGH, WHEN SHE SAYS THERE WERE NO CAGES.
NO CAGES. REPORTERS SAW THE CAGES, OUR
REPORTERS SAW THE CAGES, OUR REPORTERS SAW THE CAGES, MEMBERS
REPORTERS SAW THE CAGES, MEMBERS OF CONGRESS SAW THE CAGES.
OF CONGRESS SAW THE CAGES. I THINK WE HAVE OTHER
I THINK WE HAVE OTHER PHOTOGRAPHS, TOO.
PHOTOGRAPHS, TOO. CHAIN LINKED FENCE WITH A ROOF
CHAIN LINKED FENCE WITH A ROOF ON IT AND THEY’RE LOCKED INSIDE.
ON IT AND THEY’RE LOCKED INSIDE. I DON’T KNOW HOW ELSE TO
I DON’T KNOW HOW ELSE TO DESCRIBE THAT.
DESCRIBE THAT. >> IT GIVES ME THE CHILLS TO
>> IT GIVES ME THE CHILLS TO THINK ABOUT WE’RE ACTUALLY AT
THINK ABOUT WE’RE ACTUALLY AT THE POINT AS A NATION, AS A
THE POINT AS A NATION, AS A SOCIETY, WHERE WE HAVE
SOCIETY, WHERE WE HAVE CONGRESSIONAL MEMBERS ASKING THE
CONGRESSIONAL MEMBERS ASKING THE SECRETARY OF HOME LAND SECURITY
SECRETARY OF HOME LAND SECURITY ARE THESE CAGES LIKE WE PUT OUR
ARE THESE CAGES LIKE WE PUT OUR DOGS IN OUTSIDE?
DOGS IN OUTSIDE? AND PWHICH I WOULD ARGUE
AND PWHICH I WOULD ARGUE SOMETIMES THOSE CAGES ARE
SOMETIMES THOSE CAGES ARE INHUMANE FOR ANIMALS AND WE’RE
INHUMANE FOR ANIMALS AND WE’RE ARGUING OVER OUR CHILDREN BEING
ARGUING OVER OUR CHILDREN BEING SUBJECT TO THESE CONDITIONS.
SUBJECT TO THESE CONDITIONS. AND YOU HEAR SECRETARY NIELSEN,
AND YOU HEAR SECRETARY NIELSEN, REPRESENTATIVE UNDERWOOD
REPRESENTATIVE UNDERWOOD QUESTIONING HER WITH THE
QUESTIONING HER WITH THE LONG-TERM PSYCHOLOGICAL IMPACT
LONG-TERM PSYCHOLOGICAL IMPACT OF THIS POLICY AND THE TRAUMA IT
OF THIS POLICY AND THE TRAUMA IT CAUSES ON CHILDREN AND I WONDER
CAUSES ON CHILDREN AND I WONDER WHAT KIND OF HUMAN WRECKAGE WE
WHAT KIND OF HUMAN WRECKAGE WE ARE GOING TO HAVE TO DEAL WITH
ARE GOING TO HAVE TO DEAL WITH IN THE YEARS AND DECKADES TO COM
IN THE YEARS AND DECKADES TO COM BECAUSE OF THIS ADMINISTRATION’S
BECAUSE OF THIS ADMINISTRATION’S CRUEL AND INHUMANE POLICY.
CRUEL AND INHUMANE POLICY. >> MIKA, HOW REMARKABLE YOU HAD
>> MIKA, HOW REMARKABLE YOU HAD THE SECRETARY OF HOMELAND
THE SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY, COULD NOT CALL A CAGE
SECURITY, COULD NOT CALL A CAGE A CAGE.
A CAGE. A CAGE IS STILL A CAGE.
A CAGE IS STILL A CAGE. GIVE CREDIT TO THOSE FRESHMAN
GIVE CREDIT TO THOSE FRESHMAN LAWMAKERS THAT WERE QUESTIONING
LAWMAKERS THAT WERE QUESTIONING HER, THEY DID EVERYTHING RIGHT
HER, THEY DID EVERYTHING RIGHT THAT WHEN REPUBLICANS WHEN THEY
THAT WHEN REPUBLICANS WHEN THEY WERE QUESTIONING MICHAEL COHEN
WERE QUESTIONING MICHAEL COHEN DID WRONG.
DID WRONG. IT WAS VERY IMPRESSIVE, WANT IT?
IT WAS VERY IMPRESSIVE, WANT IT? >> IT WAS.
>> IT WAS. I THOUGHT WE SAW THE STAR
I THOUGHT WE SAW THE STAR FRESHMEN WOMEN PERFORMING
FRESHMEN WOMEN PERFORMING YESTERDAY, DOING THEIR DUTY,
YESTERDAY, DOING THEIR DUTY, THEIR SERVICE TO THIS COUNTRY,
THEIR SERVICE TO THIS COUNTRY, ASKING MEASURED QUESTIONS, NOT
ASKING MEASURED QUESTIONS, NOT MAKING A SHOW OF THEMSELVES,
MAKING A SHOW OF THEMSELVES, ASKING QUESTION AND SHOWING THE
ASKING QUESTION AND SHOWING THE ANSWERS THAT WERE BEING MADE
ANSWERS THAT WERE BEING MADE AVAILABLE TO THEM, WHICH SAID
AVAILABLE TO THEM, WHICH SAID MORE THAN ANYTHING WE COULD EVER
MORE THAN ANYTHING WE COULD EVER UNDERSTAND ABOUT WHAT’S GOING ON
UNDERSTAND ABOUT WHAT’S GOING ON HERE.
HERE. LET’S BRING IN NATIONAL
LET’S BRING IN NATIONAL POLITICAL REPORTER FOR NBC NEWS
POLITICAL REPORTER FOR NBC NEWS CAROL LEE.
CAROL LEE. YOU WERE COVERING JOHN KELLY,
YOU WERE COVERING JOHN KELLY, WHO IS SPEAKING DOWN SOUTH I
WHO IS SPEAKING DOWN SOUTH I BELIEVE AT DUKE.
BELIEVE AT DUKE. WE’LL GET TO THAT.
WE’LL GET TO THAT. BUT HE I BELIEVE SECRETARY
BUT HE I BELIEVE SECRETARY NIELSEN WORKED FOR HIM AND HE
NIELSEN WORKED FOR HIM AND HE BROUGHT HER TO THE TRUMP
BROUGHT HER TO THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION.
ADMINISTRATION. WHAT MORE CAN YOU TELL US ABOUT
WHAT MORE CAN YOU TELL US ABOUT HER QUALIFICATIONS FOR THE JOB
HER QUALIFICATIONS FOR THE JOB AS HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY
AS HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY OR THE DYNAMICS THERE.
OR THE DYNAMICS THERE. HOW DID THIS HAPPEN?
HOW DID THIS HAPPEN? >> WELL, BASICALLY SECRETARY
>> WELL, BASICALLY SECRETARY NIELSEN AND JOHN KELLY WERE VERY
NIELSEN AND JOHN KELLY WERE VERY CLOSE.
CLOSE. SHE WAS HIS CHIEF OF STAFF WHEN
SHE WAS HIS CHIEF OF STAFF WHEN SHE WAS THE HOMELAND SECURITY
SHE WAS THE HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY AND SHE CAME OVER, SHE
SECRETARY AND SHE CAME OVER, SHE WAS HIS TOP DEPUTY AT THE WHITE
WAS HIS TOP DEPUTY AT THE WHITE HOUSE.
HOUSE. FRANKLY, HER RELATIONSHIP WITH
FRANKLY, HER RELATIONSHIP WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP WAS FRAUGHT FROM
PRESIDENT TRUMP WAS FRAUGHT FROM THE START BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT
THE START BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT FELT LIKE JOHN KELLY HAD
FELT LIKE JOHN KELLY HAD MANIPULATED THE PROCESS TO
MANIPULATED THE PROCESS TO CHOOSE HIS SEXUCCESSOR.
CHOOSE HIS SEXUCCESSOR. HE WAS VERY IRRITATED LEARNING
HE WAS VERY IRRITATED LEARNING SHE HAD WORKED FOR THE GEORGE W.
SHE HAD WORKED FOR THE GEORGE W. BUSH ADMINISTRATION.
BUSH ADMINISTRATION. HE’S SPENT THE FIRST YEAR
HE’S SPENT THE FIRST YEAR BERATING HER.
BERATING HER. AND WITH THE DEPARTURE OF JOHN
AND WITH THE DEPARTURE OF JOHN KELLY, THE RELATIONSHIP WITH THE
KELLY, THE RELATIONSHIP WITH THE PRESIDENT SEEMS TO HAVE
PRESIDENT SEEMS TO HAVE STAEBLIZED AND THAT’S IN NO
STAEBLIZED AND THAT’S IN NO SMALL PART BECAUSE OF HER
SMALL PART BECAUSE OF HER TESTIMONY YESTERDAY WHERE SHE’S
TESTIMONY YESTERDAY WHERE SHE’S GONE AL IN ON DRFT’S IMMIGRATION
GONE AL IN ON DRFT’S IMMIGRATION POLICY.
POLICY. >> DONALD TRUMP IS WAKING UP
>> DONALD TRUMP IS WAKING UP THIS MORNING TO THE NUMBER OF
THIS MORNING TO THE NUMBER OF LOSING STREAKS THAT HE CURRENTLY
LOSING STREAKS THAT HE CURRENTLY IS JUGGLE, THE FACT THAT BARACK
IS JUGGLE, THE FACT THAT BARACK OBAMA DID BETTER FOR DONALD
OBAMA DID BETTER FOR DONALD TRUMP IN EIGHT YEARS IN STOPPING
TRUMP IN EIGHT YEARS IN STOPPING BORDER CROSSINGS.
BORDER CROSSINGS. WEEP HAVE A 12-YOUR SPIKE THAT’S
WEEP HAVE A 12-YOUR SPIKE THAT’S HIGHER THAN AT ANY TIME DURING
HIGHER THAN AT ANY TIME DURING BARACK OBAMA AS ADMINISTRATION.
BARACK OBAMA AS ADMINISTRATION. ANY CHANCE HE’S GOING TO TURN
ANY CHANCE HE’S GOING TO TURN HIS FIRE ON KIRSTJEN NIELSEN AND
HIS FIRE ON KIRSTJEN NIELSEN AND START BLAMING HER FOR THAT?
START BLAMING HER FOR THAT? HAVE YOU HEARD ANY RUMBLINGS OF
HAVE YOU HEARD ANY RUMBLINGS OF THAT?
THAT? >> IT’S A GREAT QUESTION, JOE.
>> IT’S A GREAT QUESTION, JOE. WHAT WE’VE SEEN IN THE PAST IS
WHAT WE’VE SEEN IN THE PAST IS ANY TIME THE PRESIDENT’S BOBSED
ANY TIME THE PRESIDENT’S BOBSED INTO A CORNER AND FEELS LIKE
INTO A CORNER AND FEELS LIKE HE’S NOT GETTING IMPLEMENTEDIN A
HE’S NOT GETTING IMPLEMENTEDIN A IMPLEMENTEDIN -- IMPLEMENTED IN
IMPLEMENTEDIN -- IMPLEMENTED IN A WAY HE DOESN’T AGREE WITH,
A WAY HE DOESN’T AGREE WITH, THERE’S THIS HISTORY THERE WHERE
THERE’S THIS HISTORY THERE WHERE HE’S VERY FRUSTRATED WITH HER
HE’S VERY FRUSTRATED WITH HER AND HE’S WANTED TO GET RID OF
AND HE’S WANTED TO GET RID OF HER AT VARIOUS TIEMGS.
HER AT VARIOUS TIEMGS. CAN ENVISION A SITUATION WHERE
CAN ENVISION A SITUATION WHERE THIS CONTINUES TO BE THE CASE
THIS CONTINUES TO BE THE CASE AND HIM IF NOT FEELING LOOK THIS
AND HIM IF NOT FEELING LOOK THIS POLICY AND IS NOT GETTING THE
POLICY AND IS NOT GETTING THE CREDIT HE DESERVES, HE COULD
CREDIT HE DESERVES, HE COULD ABSOLUTELY TAKE IT OUT ON HER.
ABSOLUTELY TAKE IT OUT ON HER. >> WE’LL GET TO YOUR REPORT ON
>> WE’LL GET TO YOUR REPORT ON JOHN KELLY IN JUST A BIT.
JOHN KELLY IN JUST A BIT. KIRSTJEN NIELSEN, I REMEMBER HER
KIRSTJEN NIELSEN, I REMEMBER HER TESTIMONY WHEN SHE DEFENDED THIS
TESTIMONY WHEN SHE DEFENDED THIS POLICY AS A DETERRENT AND I
POLICY AS A DETERRENT AND I DON’T KNOW ANY WAY TO SAY IT,
DON’T KNOW ANY WAY TO SAY IT, SHE’S BECOME THE FACE OF
SHE’S BECOME THE FACE OF ADMINISTRATION -- SHE IS DEALING
ADMINISTRATION -- SHE IS DEALING WITH THAT INVOLVES SKILLS AND
WITH THAT INVOLVES SKILLS AND HUMANITY.
HUMANITY. AND SHE ACTED LIKE A HAPLESS,
AND SHE ACTED LIKE A HAPLESS, HOPELESS ROBOT.
HOPELESS ROBOT. THERE ARE A LOT OF FAILED
THERE ARE A LOT OF FAILED CABINET SECRETARIES IN THE TRUMP
CABINET SECRETARIES IN THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION BUT SECRETARY
ADMINISTRATION BUT SECRETARY NIELSEN’S INCOMPETENCE IS HAVING
NIELSEN’S INCOMPETENCE IS HAVING A DIRECT IMPACT ON THE MOST
A DIRECT IMPACT ON THE MOST VULNERABLE -- CHILDREN.
VULNERABLE -- CHILDREN. WHEN SHE SAYS THEY DON’T USE
WHEN SHE SAYS THEY DON’T USE CAGES, LOOK AT THESE PICTURES.
CAGES, LOOK AT THESE PICTURES. SHE’S DEFYING THE OBVIOUS IN THE
SHE’S DEFYING THE OBVIOUS IN THE MOST TRUMP-LIKE WAY.
MOST TRUMP-LIKE WAY. DO YOU SEE THOSE CAGES?
DO YOU SEE THOSE CAGES? THEY HAVE ROOFS ON THEM.
THEY HAVE ROOFS ON THEM. THE PEOPLE ARE LOCKED IN THERE.
THE PEOPLE ARE LOCKED IN THERE. CHILDREN, TOO.
CHILDREN, TOO. THE SITUATION IS SHAMEFUL.
THE SITUATION IS SHAMEFUL. AND IT JUST SEEMS LIKE SHE LACKS
AND IT JUST SEEMS LIKE SHE LACKS THE ABILITY TO CARE ABOUT THE
THE ABILITY TO CARE ABOUT THE BORDER CRISIS IN A REAL WAY.
BORDER CRISIS IN A REAL WAY. THE BORDER CRISIS CAUSED BY THIS
THE BORDER CRISIS CAUSED BY THIS WHITE HOUSE.
WHITE HOUSE. I’M JUST PRAYING PUBLIC PRESSURE
I’M JUST PRAYING PUBLIC PRESSURE WILL FORCE HER TO CHANG COURSE,
WILL FORCE HER TO CHANG COURSE, MAYBE HAVE HER DO HER BEST AND
MAYBE HAVE HER DO HER BEST AND SAVE THESE CHILDREN FROM FURTHER
SAVE THESE CHILDREN FROM FURTHER HEARTBREAK AND SUFFERING BECAUSE
HEARTBREAK AND SUFFERING BECAUSE THAT WHAT IS HAPPENING AND
THAT WHAT IS HAPPENING AND THAT’S NOT WHO WE ARE.
THAT’S NOT WHO WE ARE. YOU’RE WATCHING "MORNING JOE."
YOU’RE WATCHING "MORNING JOE." WE’LL BE RIGHT BACK.
WE’LL BE RIGHT BACK. >> WHAT IS A CHAIN LINKED FENCE
>> WHAT IS A CHAIN LINKED FENCE ENCLOSED TO A CHAMBER ON A CON
ENCLOSED TO A CHAMBER ON A CON VEET INTO REPRESENT TO YOU?
VEET INTO REPRESENT TO YOU? IS THAT A CAGE?
IS THAT A CAGE? >> IT’S A DETENTION SPACES THAT
>> IT’S A DETENTION SPACES THAT EXISTED FOR DECADES.
EXISTED FOR DECADES. >> DOES IT DIFFICULT CAGES THAT
>> DOES IT DIFFICULT CAGES THAT YOU WHEN YOU LET THEM STAY
YOU WHEN YOU LET THEM STAY OUTSIDE?
OUTSIDE? IS IT DIFFERENT?